Dane: Previously. on "Ponies"...
-Good morning.
I am Eevi. your nanny.
-I said that
I was your boyfriend.
-Oh.
-Ugh!
I need an "L" pill.
Bea: I'm not gonna give you
a pill so you can kill yourself.
How dangerous is he. Andrei?
-It's a sensitive
undercover operation
to infiltrate
a high level K.G.B. agent.
Of course he's dangerous.
-You. hey. Come on. Lili.
Okay. Oh.
-[Lili sighs]
-[Alan groans] Oh.
-Alan was busy having sex
with Lily.
-Shep's wife?
You're gonna contact
Caterpillar.
and get the location
of this facility.
Vera: Yes. that's our deal.
-Your husband was a mole.
-No. you're gonna tell me.
Look... [gasps] Oh!
-Oh! [gasps]
-When were you planning
on telling me that Vera is dead?
-Wait. Caterpillar's
never met Vera.
-Caterpillar will see
this woman up close.
So. unless any of you have
another elderly Russian woman
-you'd trust with your life--
-Dane. I do.
[doorbell rings]
[man speaking Russian]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ray: All right.
I think she's okay.
-Okay? Just okay?
-No. Very good. Very good.
And-- and also.
you know. they're--
they're never actually gonna
ask you these questions.
All you're gonna do
is you're just gonna--
you're gonna sit on a bench
and a man's gonna come.
he's gonna give you a package.
you're gonna take the package.
bring it back to us.
and that's it.
that's the whole thing.
Well. unless of course you--
No. but that really
is the whole thing.
-That's it.
-Don't worry. Mishka.
I'm not afraid
of a little danger.
-Okay.
-Do you know what's dangerous?
Trading your mother's
wedding ring to an officer
in the Waffen Sturm Brigade
for three pieces of bread.
-How did I not know that story?
When was I going
to tell you that story?
While I was dropping you off
at horseback riding camp?
It wasn't like.
a fancy one. you know?
We-- we like.
cleaned the stalls.
did chores around the barn.
I still think I should be
the one to take her to the meet.
-I am the one that she knows.
-No.
We need you
with Vasiliev tonight.
-at the poker game.
-Yeah.
And. uh. this is
really my responsibility.
you know.
since Vera died on my watch.
Um. that wasn't my fault.
She fell. there wasn't
anything I could do.
Well. the point
I'm trying to make is that
I can-- I can handle this.
Seriously. you can trust me.
Okay.
Young man. I have a request.
I need a nap.
And frankly.
I could use a shower.
-Coffee candy?
-Yes!
-Twila: Yeah!
-Bea: Thanks. Baba.
-Thank you.
[theme music playing]
Dane: This is a tiny camera.
You squeeze the pack here
to engage the shutter.
-Okay.
-So. at the poker game tonight.
take pictures
of everyone at the table.
Make sure their faces
are clearly visible. okay?
We've never gotten this close
to high level K.G.B. before.
I wanna know who's there.
I wanna know who's talking
to whom. who's giving orders.
and who's answering.
-Yes. okay.
-Find out Andrei's position
in the pecking order.
Yep.
-[Dane sighs]
-Okay.
-Twila can manage things
with your grandmother tonight.
You said it yourself.
What we need from Manya
is very simple.
Look. Twila. okay.
she can't speak Russian.
-Granted.
-And. uh.
she's never been
in the field by herself.
And she doesn't have
the best history.
It's just--
if something goes wrong...
-[Dane sighs]
-...then I don't know
that she has the capacity
to be able to deal with that.
If something goes wrong.
then the best person to have
on the ground is someone
who's not emotionally invested.
-I know.
-Someone who can be fearless.
which is her. not you.
-If you wanna take a nap.
that side's clean.
'cause I only sleep
on this side.
This side was Chris' side.
-Yeah.
-Maybe someday
you'll want to stretch out.
fill up the whole space.
-Well. not--
I-- I don't need it.
It's a big bed.
-Maybe not need.
but someday you'll want to.
-Maybe. Okay.
I gotta get back to work.
I'll be back tonight.
we can get ready together.
And listen. I just...
it's not too late.
if you wanna change your mind.
-What is the worst
that can happen?
-I die?
-Oh!
-So what?
And what's the best
that can happen?
I help you turn this bad year
into a good year.
Or maybe a medium year?
-[laughs] I remember that.
Those little slips of paper.
under a pillow.
when we were little
on New Year's Eve?
-Mm-hmm.
-Good year.
medium year. bad year.
-It's a Russian tradition.
-Why did we stop doing that?
Your father made me stop.
His fault.
He always picked a bad year.
[chuckles] He hated it!
-[Manya sighs]
-"How could any year
away from the Nazis be bad?"
in America be bad?"
[both laugh]
No. if anyone should be worried.
it should be me about you.
being here.
-I'll be fine.
-You don't know that.
-Funny they never made you
take a typing course.
I mean. watching you type
reminds me of my son
playing his little piano.
-You have a son?
-Anyway.
I need to talk to you
about tonight.
You are lucky enough
to accompany me to the ballet.
Lili and I were supposed
to take my counterpart
at the British Embassy. but...
she's come down with something
again. and I don't fly solo.
-I can't tonight.
I'm-- not really
a ballet person.
-Okay. listen. sweetie.
This is a part of your job.
Try to be grateful. all right?
You're being paid
to spend the evening
at the Bolshoi with diplomats.
Bet you never dreamed of that
as a little girl
growing up in...
-wherever.
-Indiana.
-Yeah. okay. 7:30.
Meet me in the garage.
-Uh...
Sir?
You-- you can't leave
Lili home alone tonight.
Yeah? Why?
Why?
Well...
be-- because
she's having an affair.
-[laughs]
-I'm--
I'm serious.
-You--
-She's cheating on you.
-Wait. what?
I mean. you didn't--
see the signs?
Maybe she's been distant lately.
And dressing up a little nicer
for no particular reason.
-Does everyone know?
-No! No. no.
Of course not. no.
I'm-- I mean. you--
I'm just. you know. I'm--
I'm just a little more astute
than most people in the office.
But I'm not gonna tell anyone.
-Yeah. well. what would you do
if you were. like--
-as a. um--
-As a woman?
-Yeah. like. what would--
-What would I want?
I'd want you to show up.
-Yeah. but-- but how?
Remember why you fell
in love with her. and then...
show her that every single day.
Like tonight.
you know. be her rock.
You know. she's sick.
you're there with chicken soup.
Her knight in shining armor.
-Thank you.
-Oh. of course.
-And listen. um. I'm--
I am sorry about the--
the ballet.
-Oh! Oh. I'll get over it. Yeah.
-These shitty colors
are not for me.
What do you mean. shitty?
-They're-- it's subtle.
-The color of shit.
-Well. yeah. you know. Vera's
options were kinda limited.
She didn't exactly get
to shop at Casual Corner.
-No wonder she killed herself.
-She didn't kill herself.
It was an accident.
-Doesn't mean
she didn't pray for it.
♪ See the smile awaitin'
in the kitchen... ♪
Oh. My friend Valorie's
reading that book.
-You like it?
-Oh. it's a gift for someone.
-So...
-Who?
-Just this man I'm seeing.
I'm not seeing him.
I just see him sometimes.
for work.
-Is this Andrei?
-No.
No. no. no. This is another man.
♪ Makes me feel fine ♪
-Now I know
why you stayed in Russia.
-No. it's honestly
not like that.
-Is he nice to look at?
-Baba! Chris just died.
♪ Summer breeze.
makes me feel fine ♪
-If you went grocery
shopping with this man.
and he wanted a coffee. would he
offer to buy you one as well?
Or would he just forget about
you and get one for himself.
Chris did that to me one time.
One time. you learn a lot.
Look. it's not like
he never got me coffee.
-Forget about it.
-Yeah?
-Hey. You ready?
-Okay.
Okay. You're gonna be fine.
I love you.
-Don't worry.
-Okay. okay.
-The hair looks. uh.
looks just--
-No. I'm not fooled.
-Please. please. please.
please. please be careful.
-You too.
-No. I'm talking to Twila.
-Obviously.
I'm gonna be careful.
-Uh-huh.
-Okay.
Sasha: "This book is sure
to get pulses racing.
Every woman west of
the Mississippi has tried
her hand at taming
rock and roll super stud...
-[Bea laughs]
-...Al King.
...but they all meet
the same fate. heartbreak.
-Oh!
-[Sasha laughs]
How did you know. by the way?
Well. you told me
you love those books.
No. I mean. my birthday.
When is your birthday?
-Tomorrow.
-I didn't know.
I didn't know.
No. that was just a gift.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
-Is that-- is that what the--
what the necklace is for.
for your birthday?
Uh... [chuckles] No.
This is where I keep
the suicide pill.
Oh.
Yeah.
Anyways. uh.
this outfit... [sighs]
Yes.
-...it's looking great.
-Thank you.
-Where is he taking you?
-He is taking me to
a K.G.B. poker game.
-A poker game?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-A gambler game?
-Exactly.
-[Sasha laughs]
So. uh-- I should-- I should go.
'Cause I-- I-- I
need to meet him outside.
'cause I don't want him
to come up.
And I told him that you
were away with your family. so--
-Okay.
-But. uh...
-Okay. um. should--
should I turn off
the lights so he doesn't
see any in the window?
-Um...
-Will-- will he even see it
-in the day?
-Let's not risk it.
Let me know how the book goes.
Oh. and happy birthday.
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
[speaking in Russian]
[chuckles]
[Bea moans]
[device buzzing]
[upbeat music playing]
[Bea chuckles]
I was sorry about your husband.
I lost mine too.
at about your age.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
Sorry.
Yeah. but losing your husband
was not as bad for you
as it was for my granddaughter.
Is it that obvious?
When Avram died. it was sad.
But there were
greater losses in my life.
When I left Belarus.
I had to leave behind
my best friend
in the world. that--
we'd been friends
since we were little girls.
-Mm.
-Sofia.
-You know where she is now?
-Sofia?
-Yeah.
-She probably
got herself killed.
She was such
a stupid girl. [laughs]
I never laughed
so much as I did with her.
My point is that
it's hard to be like Bea.
and lose the love of your life.
But it's also hard
to lose your husband
when your feelings for him
are not so simple.
You know it wasn't
always like that with Tom and I.
The beginning was exciting.
Talk about laughing?
We-- we never stopped laughing.
We had great...
-physical...
-Sex?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-[Manya laughs]
He said when I met him
how much he loved that
I wasn't like other women.
You know?
And then the second
we got married.
all he wanted was
for me to be like other women.
-Other women?
-Yeah.
-[laughs] Mm.
-More traditional. you know?
-Mm-hmm.
-Just-- felt like I was always
disappointing him for not being
this person that
I never claimed I was.
You know? It's like. uh...
he never fully knew me.
I guess I never fully
knew him either. so...
-Why do you say that?
-I. uh. found out something
about him recently.
Something big. a secret.
that you know if. uh...
if Bea found out. I...
I don't think
she'd wanna be my friend.
-Does this have to do
with Chris. this secret?
-Yeah. it does. yeah.
Tom is...
is the reason they died.
-You want my advice?
-Please.
-You're a good friend to Bea.
If she needs to know about this.
you tell her.
If she doesn't. mm...
-Hmm.
-All right.
Are you ready for this?
-Yeah. yeah. Are you?
-Hope so.
["Moonage Daydream" playing]
♪ I'm an alligator ♪
♪ I'm a mama-papa
comin' for you ♪
♪ I'm a space invader ♪
♪ I'll be your rock
'n' rollin' bitch for you ♪
♪ Keep your mouth shut ♪
♪ You're squawking
like a pink monkey bird ♪
♪ And I'm bustin' up
my brains for the words ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Keep your 'lectric eye
on me. babe ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Put your ray gun to my head ♪
[men speaking in Russian]
[Andrei chuckles]
[leaves rustling]
[tense music playing]
[man sighs]
-Fuck!
[Manya gasps]
-Oh. my God.
They're fucking taking her.
-Oh. my God. [panting] Fuck!
[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
-Twila. what are you--
-[pants] They arrested Manya.
-What-- what happened?
-It was a setup. [sighs]
I mean. these two--
two K.G.B. guys came in.
I-- I was watching her
the whole time. though.
-[sighs] Fuck.
-Where-- where are we going?
-We're gonna go get her back.
-Okay.
-They do not take our people.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
[door shuts]
Andrei:
[speaking in Russian]
Mm. [laugh]
[sighs]
[door creaking]
Prisoner:
[prisoner laughs]
Mikhail:
[door clicks open]
Guard:
[dramatic music playing]
[both chuckling]
[camera shutter clicking]
[Andrei sighs]
[♪]
-Eevi. this smells
just delicious.
-Is this another family recipe?
-Yes. my mother's.
-Delightful.
-Oh. careful. it's hot.
[both chuckling]
I can blow on it. Yeah. okay.
♪ We love our brothers now ♪
♪ What else is there to do? ♪
-[knocking on door]
-[Cheryl sighs]
♪ Down the long road
going two by two ♪
-It's a bit late.
-Yeah.
-Evening. Sorry to interrupt.
Ray. the. uh. Spanish ambassador
is waiting in the office.
Didn't forget. did you?
♪ When I get to
the end of my highway ♪
-No. Honey. I have to go.
-What?
-This is about the hostages.
-Uh. slugger?
-Oh. no.
-Do everything
your mom tells you to do.
-Ray?
-All right?
[door shuts]
-Eevi: Excuse me.
-I'm gonna get some more wine.
-Bathroom. [clears throat]
[suspenseful music playing]
[all panting]
-Hey! What are you doing?
-We need a car that
can actually fucking drive.
-That's the ambassador's car.
It's a matter
of international security.
-[engine revving]
-Thank you. sergeant.
-Head to the known safe houses.
-Hey!
[engines rumbling]
-[Cheryl clears throat]
-[Eevi gasps]
-The bathroom is that way.
-Sorry.
-Mm.
[♪]
-Oh. guys?
-Mm-hmm?
-I think
they're following us. the K.G.B.
-Oh. they are.
-[tires screeching]
-[horns honking]
-Now they are not.
-Wow.
-Their piece of shit cars
can never make those turns.
[bell tolling]
[tense music playing]
[door shuts]
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
[Andrei sighs]
[door shuts]
Hmm.
[Andrei scoffs. sighs]
[tense music playing]
[Andrei sniffles]
[Manya gasps]
[Manya grunts in pain]
[Manya sobbing]
[Manya sighs]
[Manya breathing heavily]
-No. no. no. No.
Manya:
[dramatic music playing]
[Andrei sighing]
-Was it America?
[♪]
-Mm. Good.
Good. then you won't be afraid
when I tell you
where we're taking you next.
-Hmm.
-At Lefortovo.
your new home will be
a cell the size of a coffin.
You'll eat once a day
a meal that contains
small pieces of glass.
[Manya chuckles nervously]
-Mm.
You'll try to escape into
dreams at night.
but we don't allow
our prisoners to sleep.
You'll be paid
regular visits by a man
who calls himself a doctor.
but he isn't.
He'll inject you with a chemical
that will damage your nerves.
one by one. forever.
On the bright side. that means
you'll feel the beatings less.
[both laughing]
[Manya sighs]
Of course. a guard or two
may take pity on you
and rape you...
knowing that no other man alive
would ever fuck
an old hag like you.
[both laughing]
But you didn't understand
any of that?
So now it'll be a nice surprise.
[Manya breathing shakily]
[dramatic music playing]
[lighter clicks]
[door clicks open]
[engine rumbling]
[♪]
["Blind Alley" by Fanny]
[Bea panting]
-Help! It's Bea.
they've taken my grandmother.
They've taken her to Lefortovo.
There-- there's a building
across the street.
It-- it's-- it's square and it's
stone and it's really long.
It takes up.
like. a whole block.
Tell Dane
to fucking hurry. okay?
-Broadcasting
on an open channel.
Partners on the water.
remember to watch
where you are going.
click. click. click.
Click. click. same as before.
Two more times.
two more times more.
However you have to go
right ahead.
Click. click. click. click.
Very good. sir.
Let us remember. click. Done.
-Bea is in the Holy
Trinity Church in Lenin Hills.
-Let's go there first.
-Wow. Wait. wait.
-How'd you get that?
-It's a code.
Obviously. yeah. but what--
what's the code-- what is it?
-It's a secret code.
♪ ...are paralyzed
with visions... ♪
Take a left up here.
♪ ...tomorrows swept away ♪
[♪]
-[sighs] How the fuck
did this happen. Ray?
How did anybody else
find out about this meet?
-I don't know.
-Bea. I don't--
I don't know what to tell ya.
I mean. we did everything
according to plan.
-You know what. I don't care.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't fucking matter.
All that matters
is getting my grandmother.
-Yeah. I just wanted you to know
that I did everything I could--
-Twila. just stop. okay?
It's not about you.
[tense music]
-Okay.
[ominous music]
[metal creaking]
[intense music]
-Let's go.
[Dane groans]
Manya. come on. Now!
-Come on. we gotta do it now!
Come on.
-Baba! Oh. my God!
[♪]
-Oh. my God!
-Okay!
Manya: Oh. thank God!
-Alright. everyone hold on!
-No. wait. We have to save him.
-No!
-The man in the van!
He's-- he's Caterpillar!
He helped us.
-Mikhail!
-Okay. okay. okay.
Hey. hey. hey. Buddy?
Look. look at me.
Look at me. you can do it.
Three. two. one.
[women screaming]
-Mikhail! No!
-We have to go back!
-No. we can't. We can't.
-It's okay.
[tires screeching]
[shouting in Russian]
-You can't leave him.
He can't leave him.
-I'm sorry. Baba. It's okay.
It's okay. You're safe.
-I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
[Twila panting]
[sorrowful music]
-That's not your fault.
-Oh!
-It's okay.
It's okay. You'll be okay.
-You owe me.
-No. I'm sorry.
It's not safe for you to stay
in the Soviet Union
after what just happened.
We have to
fly you back to the States.
-Yes. you will. After I go
to my village in Belarus.
It's a three day journey.
that's all I ask. Three days.
-Three days with us having
to forge travel documents...
-Oh. yes. Big problem.
I think you've done
this before. haven't you?
-We may have.
-But if you get caught...
-Yeah. if I get caught. what?
-We won't be there
to save you next time.
-You could die there.
-Yeah.
And maybe
I'm going to die soon anyway.
What is the worst case scenario?
Some K.G.B. officer
catches me in a lie.
puts me in a Soviet prison.
interrogates me. humiliates me?
And then I have to risk my life
jumping off a moving vehicle
so that I pull a muscle
in my hip?
-You pulled a muscle?
-It's okay.
I took three Aspirin.
I did not get to choose
when I left my home. or why.
Now I get to choose
to go back there.
just to see it one more time.
And to see if anybody I left
behind there is still there.
-Like Sofia?
-Who?
-Her best friend.
-So. you will do this for me.
[♪]
-You know. I think
this look suits you.
-This look suits nobody.
-[Bea laughs]
Bea: I love this train station.
I feel like we're in
Doctor Zhivago. or something.
-Ugh. that movie?
No Russian with self-respect
would enjoy that movie.
-Oh. okay.
-It was so wrong.
Especially the station.
the hellos and the goodbyes.
Who says hello with
a little peck on the cheek?
When they've been
separated for years?
-British people.
-Well. they should stick
to their own stories.
not put their repressive
nonsense onto us.
-[Bea chuckles]
-And look around you. look.
This is how Russians
say goodbye.
[people speaking in Russian]
-My darling...
-[Bea laughs]
...how am I going to
live without you?
-I'll die without you.
-No. you won't. you'll be
all right. you'll be all right.
-What?
-If by some chance.
I don't make it
back to America...
-You're gonna be fine.
-Probably. I'll be fine.
[announcement in Russian]
I'm very proud of you. Mishka.
-We'll see each other again.
Do svidaniya.
[Conductor shouting in Russian]
[train horn honks]
[conversation in Russian]
["Never Came to Stay"
by Goldberg]
[train horn honks]
♪ Came home with nothing
and everyone knows ♪
♪ You're leaving it
all someday ♪
♪ 'Cause you found
something once ♪
♪ And you found it again ♪
♪ You never came to stay ♪
♪ Never came to stay. no ♪
♪ Never came to stay ♪
♪ Came from the city
and you wanna go home ♪
Bea: Hi.
-Hi. [laughs]
Just in time for the picnic.
-Ooh! Lucky me.
-It wasn't easy
to get that one out.
-It should work.
-Should work. huh?
[Sasha chuckles]
-So...
how was your night last night?
-[sighs]
-That bad?
-I wish I could tell you.
-Add it to our list of secrets.
[tense music building]
-I think
he's just a regular person.
-Yeah. but he's looking
right at us.
-Oh. probably because
we're looking right at him.
Yeah. maybe he thinks
we're on a date.
but here. hold my hand.
that'll sell it.
[♪]
-Is he gone?
-Yeah.
[heels clacking]
[door latch clicks]
-Hey! Hey. uh. you got a second?
-Okay.
-I just wanted to tell you
I feel really badly
about what happened.
I wish that there was
something I could've done
to stop it.
but. yeah I just I hate that
you and Manya had to--
had to go through that.
-Yeah.
-Actually.
um. I was just thinking
maybe we could have
a little hangout. you know?
Casual. normal night. you know?
I could hear about everything.
-Honestly. I kinda
just wanna be on my own.
-Oh.
-That okay?
-Yeah. No problem. yeah.
[door clicks open
and slams shut]
[exhales sharply]
[quiet. somber music]
[Bea sighs deeply]
[♪]
[music turns eerie]
[sinister tone plays]
[Bea's voice echoing]
Those little slips of paper.
under our pillow. when we were
little on New Year's Eve?
-Manya: Mm-hmm.
-Bea: Good year.
medium year. bad year?
[elegant piano instrumental]
-They don't have
the American brands.
so I just got "Wheetos."
I don't know
what the translation is.
-[Eevi chuckling]
-Hey. Hey. bud.
What do you say.
can I have a go?
Yeah? Oh! [Ray laughs]
Alright. Oh!
-[Eevi laughs]
-Oh. that was a good one.
Oh! And another one.
[music turns ominous]
Where did he get this?
-I- I don't know.
What is that?
Hey. buddy.
Hey. um. you're not in trouble.
But you have to tell me
where you found this.
It's okay. you can tell me.
-What?
-We have a mole.
We have a fucking mole.
-[Dane sighs]
-[tense music]
["Hello It's Me"
by Todd Rundgren]
♪ Hello. it's me ♪
♪ I've thought about us
for a long. long time ♪
♪ Maybe I think too much
but something's wrong ♪
♪ There's something here
that doesn't last too long ♪
♪ Maybe I shouldn't
think of you as much ♪
-Yeah.
♪ Seeing you ♪
♪ Or seeing anything
as much as I do you ♪
♪ I take for granted
that you're always there ♪
that you just don't care ♪
♪ Sometimes I can't help
seeing all the way through ♪
♪ Think of me ♪
♪ You know that
I'd be with you if I could ♪
♪ I come around
to see you once in a while ♪
♪ Or if I ever need
a reason to smile ♪
[♪]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm